feat(api-docs): Add README (#30)
getsentry/sentry-api-schema: README.md

# Sentry's API Schema

Sentry's public API schema uses [OpenAPI](https://swagger.io/specification/) v3.0.1.

> This repository is just an artifact and the source of truth can be found in [Sentry](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry/tree/master/api-docs).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This repository is an artifact used while deploying the API schema. The source of truth can be found in [Sentry](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry/tree/master/api-docs), along with the [tests](example.com).
```

Reviewer: Maybe also throw in "Do not create PRs against this repo"

> # Usage

Reviewer: Not valid anymore cause those files don't exist :)

Author: @manuzope 🤔  they don't? I just pulled and I still see them all [here](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry/tree/master/api-docs)

Author: nvm chatted off-GH about this and clarified
